Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another detail on this course on Ruby.
And in this tutorial, we will be studying about using Granges with strings.
So let's start on.
So, for example, we have, let's say, a string, which is, let's say a number of characters.
Now, in previous tutorials where you have covered ranges, you have covered them with numbers.
So now in this tutorial, what we're going to do is that we are going to find a number of strings using
ranges from this string we have just defined here.
So let's say we want to have some characters from it.
So, for example, we want is that let's strap in boots and this X and you know how to extract string.
So, for example, if you want to have the zero position, then you can simply specify the zero.
Run this and you will have the first character.
So you will have you can have any any character you want to extract from this.
But what if you want a number of characters, for example, you want the characters from the zero to
the let's say this is the ninth position, I guess.
So what you will do is that you will specify DOT nine.
Run the score and you will have these characters that is starting from this gate, though, the latter,
you have specified a hurdle, the ninth position now that is what is called the inclusive search.
Now, if you want to have the exclusive search, then you know that you will have to specify this triple
door to hear her underscore and one character before F is specified or head.
That is this character or her, as you know, that now what it is displaying is that it is not including
this highest and it is displaying the characters from zero till the eighth position, as you have covered
that in the previous tutorial as well, that when you use the triple, not the maximum range is going
to be ignored.
It is going to search for and print out the characters starting from the lowest range in between all
the letters.
But it will not include the highest range.
And if you specify dot dot, then it is going to specify the minimum rate, the maximum range and all
in between these two numbers.
So just run it and you can see that after the S we also got this effort will help.
So that's how you can have strings extracted from using ranges and that's how basically you can use
ranges with strings.
So there are many other methods of extracting string from a specified string, but those will be a part
of the future tutorials when we will be discussing the building methods.
That includes the slice method and there are other matters as well.
And one more method you can use apart from these ranges is you can just specify zero.
That is the starting position and you want to let's specify the ten, so I'm going to specify combattants.
So from zero till then location, it is going to bring you the elements you can have, let's say from
two to ten as well.
Rounded score and you will have this started from the second location till this right over here.
That is the tenth location.
So you can have any sequence of characters.
So I guess that's it when extracting string using ranges.
So that's Administrator Aureole.
Thank you so much, guys, for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial.